_services/01-service-office-hours.md, before:

---
title: 'Clinic Office Hours'
thumbnail: 'assets/images/red-clock.png'
summary: 'Bring your questions to our weekly office hours, where you can leverage the expertise of our faculty to help with research design.'
---

Clinic staff are available on a weekly basis to help with a variety of issues related to the use of general-purpose AI in research. Our staff can help
with topics including:

* Drawing inferences from large corpora of text or images using general-purpose models
* Estimating error when using general-purpose models for quantitative analysis
* Norms for using general-purpose models in qualitative coding and analysis
* Understanding biases and limitations that might arise from using general-purpose models in research
* Technical questions related to deployment
* Questions concerning the reproducibility of AI-driven experiments and analysis
* Open, transparent, and small-scale alternatives to large, closed models and APIs
* Estimating the cost of using general-purpose AI to support a project

The clinic holds office hours on Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays from 1pm-3pm in Mary Gates Hall Room 015H.

Alternatively, you can schedule an appointment by emailing Robert Wolfe at [rwolfe3@uw.edu](rwolfe3@uw.edu).

Commit message:

Added Join Us form, link to scheduling page

_services/01-service-office-hours.md, after:

---
title: 'Clinic Office Hours'
thumbnail: 'assets/images/red-clock.png'
summary: 'Bring your questions to our weekly office hours, where you can leverage the expertise of our faculty to help with research design.'
---

Clinic staff are available on a weekly basis to help with a variety of issues related to the use of general-purpose AI in research. Visit our office hours <a href="../schedule.html">scheduling page</a> to make a Zoom appointment with the clinic.

Our staff can help with topics including:

* Drawing inferences from large corpora of text or images using general-purpose models
* Estimating error when using general-purpose models for quantitative analysis
* Norms for using general-purpose models in qualitative coding and analysis
* Understanding biases and limitations that might arise from using general-purpose models in research
* Technical questions related to deployment
* Questions concerning the reproducibility of AI-driven experiments and analysis
* Open, transparent, and small-scale alternatives to large, closed models and APIs
* Estimating the cost of using general-purpose AI to support a project

The clinic holds office hours on Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays from 1pm-3pm in Mary Gates Hall Room 015H.

Alternatively, you can schedule an appointment by emailing Robert Wolfe at [rwolfe3@uw.edu](rwolfe3@uw.edu).
